gh-132661: Implement PEP 750 (#132662)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

New features
============

.. _whatsnew314-pep750:

PEP 750: Template Strings
-------------------------

Template string literals (t-strings) are a generalization of f-strings,
using a ``t`` in place of the ``f`` prefix. Instead of evaluating

> to :class:`str`, t-strings evaluate to a new :class:`string.templatelib.Template` type:

Reviewer: To fix the docs build error, until documented, don't try and link:
```suggestion
to :class:`str`, t-strings evaluate to a new :class:`!string.templatelib.Template` type:
```

Unlike f-strings, the ``html`` function has access to template attributes
containing the original information: static strings, interpolations, and values
from the original scope. Unlike existing templating approaches, t-strings build
from the well-known f-string syntax and rules. Template systems thus benefit
from Python tooling as they are much closer to the Python language, syntax,
scoping, and more.

Writing template handlers is straightforward:

.. code-block:: python

   from string.templatelib import Template, Interpolation

   def lower_upper(template: Template) -> str:
       """Render static parts lowercased and interpolations uppercased."""
       parts: list[str] = []
       for item in template:
           if isinstance(item, Interpolation):
               parts.append(str(item.value).upper())
           else:
               parts.append(item.lower())
       return "".join(parts)

   name = "world"
   assert lower_upper(t"HELLO {name}") == "hello WORLD"

With this in place, developers can write template systems to sanitize SQL, make
safe shell operations, improve logging, tackle modern ideas in web development

> (HTML, CSS, etc.), and implement lightweight, custom business DSLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(HTML, CSS, and so on), and implement lightweight, custom business DSLs.
```
https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
